Rippling redux (#2856)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: docs/concepts/tokens/fungible-tokens/rippling.md

Reviewer: The use of "issued currency" throughout this document is inconsistent with our [terminology guidelines](https://xrpl.org/resources/contribute-documentation#terminology) so either it should use the term "tokens" or we need to update the style guide to clarify when "issued currency" is an acceptable usage. In my opinion, this is one of those cases that should use "tokens" (or "fungible tokens" as necessary for clarity) because rippling can occur for anything issued on a trust line, regardless of whether it represents a currency (like a stablecoin), tokenized asset like gold, or other type of financial instrument. Lacking any user study data on the point, we should probably poll the team/contributors.

Author: Changed to tokens throughout.

[![Holder A sends currency through the Issuer.](/docs/img/cpt-rippling3.png "Holder A sends currency through the Issuer.")](/docs/img/cpt-rippling3.png)

Then the Issuer side of the trust line to Holder B is reduced by 20 USD, and the account of Holder B is increased by 20 USD.

[![Holder B receives tokens through the Issuer.](/docs/img/cpt-rippling4.png "Holder B receives tokens  through the Issuer.")](/docs/img/cpt-rippling4.png)

The tokens are transferred through the Issuer, but ultimately the Issuer’s balance doesn’t change. This flow of tokens is known as _rippling_. Issuing accounts must allow rippling so that their holders can transfer tokens to one another. 

Rippling can involve several accounts as the XRP Ledger finds a path to transfer the tokens. For example, the tokens might flow between two issuer accounts that have a trust line between them.

[![Holder A transfers tokens through Issuers A and B to get to Holder B.](/docs/img/cpt-rippling5.png "Holder A transfers tokens through Issuers A and B to get to Holder B.")](/docs/img/cpt-rippling5.png)

Tokens might also flow through intermediary gateway accounts to reach a holder.

> [![Holder A transfers tokens through Issuers A and B and Gateway X to get to Holder B.](/docs/img/cpt-rippling6.png "Holder A transfers tokens through Issuers A and B and Gateway X to get to Holder B.")](/docs/img/cpt-rippling6.png)

Reviewer: I worry that using the term "gateway" here will confuse people who come across legacy content that uses the term "gateway" differently. From 2013-2016 or so the term "gateway" was widely used in the XRPL community and in Ripple's communications to mean, essentially, "stablecoin issuer."

Perhaps "intermediary" is better here (and in the diagram) to dodge that confusion. The key thing here is that the intermediary is also just an ordinary holder except they allow rippling, not necessarily a special business or anything.

Author: There's a wider discussion on this - I agree that we need a term for an account that allows rippling but is not an issuer. I want to make it clear that Holders never allow rippling, Exchanges allow rippling, and Issuers allow rippling, then document the basic configurations for each of those accounts. We can pick the term for the intermediary/exchange user after the holidays.

---
# Rippling

> Rippling occurs when one holder sends issued currency to another holder of the same currency. 

Reviewer: This summary describes only the most common case, and doesn't account for the rich possibilities of rippling. Here's an attempt at keeping the core insight without leaving out critical details:

```suggestion
Rippling is the _indirect movement_ of funds that occurs for any payment of fungible tokens, except when directly issuing or redeeming tokens. This includes when one holder sends tokens to another holder of the same tokens. Rippling can automatically swap tokens that have the same currency code, even if they have different issuers, to facilitate longer and more complex payments.
```

Author: Revised, with some shorter sentences.

Since both accounts are willing to accept payments in USD tokens, Holder A can send a payment of 20 USD to Holder B. This appears to be a single transaction, but it actually involves two steps. Holder A sees their balance go down by 20 USD, Holder B sees their balance go up by 20 USD. Behind the scenes, though, Holder A’s side of the trust line to the Issuer is reduced by 20 USD. The Issuer’s side of the trust line is increased by 20 USD, bringing its net balance to -40 USD.

[![Holder A sends currency through the Issuer.](/docs/img/cpt-rippling3.png "Holder A sends currency through the Issuer.")](/docs/img/cpt-rippling3.png)

Then the Issuer side of the trust line to Holder B is reduced by 20 USD, and the account of Holder B is increased by 20 USD.

[![Holder B receives currency through the Issuer.](/docs/img/cpt-rippling4.png "Holder B receives currency through the Issuer.")](/docs/img/cpt-rippling4.png)

The funds are transferred through the Issuer, but ultimately the Issuer’s balance doesn’t change. This flow of funds is known as _rippling_. Issuing accounts must allow rippling so that their holders can transfer funds to one another. 

> Rippling can involve several accounts as the XRPL server finds a path to transfer the funds. For example, the funds might flow between two issuer accounts that have a trust line between them.

Reviewer: Saying "the XRPL server" here might be interpreted as there being one centralized server that does the calculations. In reality, every XRPL server does the same calculations in parallel when processing the transaction. For simplicity, I like to describe this type of action as being done collectively by "the XRP Ledger".

```suggestion
Rippling can involve several accounts as the XRP Ledger finds a path to transfer the funds. For example, the funds might flow between two issuer accounts that have a trust line between them.
```

> [![Holder A transfers currency through Issuers A and B to get to Holder B.](/docs/img/cpt-rippling5.png "Holder A transfers currency through Issuers A and B to get to Holder B.")](/docs/img/cpt-rippling5.png)

Reviewer: There's nothing _wrong_ with this scenario, but I think a more important scenario to illustrate is the one where rippling flows through a holder of both issuers' tokens, as shown in the original [diagram #3](https://xrpl.org/assets/noripple-03.892fdd92148fd9e48c8e4e9ecc0a2a73ee532817dd1594c9b7d06134350e2bee.ac57e6ef.svg). Laid out like you have the others, the diagram would be shaped kind of like an "M" (or upside-down-W).

One little detail that the current diagram elides is that Holder A is sending "USD issued by issuer A" and Holder B is receiving "USD issued by issuer B"—technically two different tokens which can have different properties like transfer fees, even though they have the same currency code (rippling can only occur if the currency code is the same). In my experience, this simplification tends to confuse people, who think that all USD issued in the XRPL is the same. So it might be worth adding that detail to the diagram somehow. Conventionally, we've written "USD.issuerA" to represent this type of thing.

Other accounts such as liquidity providers and normal holders should not allow rippling. Rippling can lead to exploits where balances shift unexpectedly, funds are allocated at higher rates, and the holder ends up losing money on a transaction where they played no part.

# The Default Ripple Flag

The Default Ripple flag is an account level setting that enables rippling for all incoming trust lines. The default setting of the Default Ripple flag is false. Issuers must enable this flag for their customers to be able to send tokens to one another.

> The Default Ripple setting doesn’t affect trust lines created by your account, only trust lines others open to your account. If you change the setting, trust lines that were created before the change keep their existing No Ripple settings. You can use a TrustSet transaction to change the No Ripple setting of a trust line to match your account’s new default.

Reviewer: - Change passive voice back to active voice
- Don't remove useful hyperlinks

```suggestion
The Default Ripple setting doesn’t affect trust lines that you create, only trust lines that others open to your account. If you change the setting, trust lines that were created before the change keep their existing No Ripple settings. You can use a [TrustSet transaction][] to change the No Ripple setting of a trust line to match your account’s new default.
```

# The No Ripple Flag

> Accounts that do not want to allow rippling can set the No Ripple flag. If you set the No Ripple flag on two of its trust lines, other accounts cannot use those trust lines to ripple payments through your account.

Reviewer: - Use "enable" rather than "set" for clarity.
- Pronoun disagreement between "you" and "its"
- This statement may give a false sense of security to people who don't fully grasp the nature of the "both trust lines" aspect of No Ripple.

```suggestion
Accounts that do not want to allow rippling can enable the No Ripple flag. If you enable the No Ripple flag on two of your trust lines, other accounts cannot use that pair of trust lines to ripple payments through your account. However, if you have any other trust lines that do not have the No Ripple flag enabled, payments can still ripple through your account as long as _one_ of the trust lines involved does not have No Ripple enabled.
```

## Using No Ripple

The No Ripple flag can only be enabled on a trust line if the address has a positive or zero balance. This is so that the feature cannot be abused to remove the obligation the trust line balance represents.

> To enable the No Ripple flag, send a `TrustSet` transaction with the `tfSetNoRipple` flag. To disable the No Ripple flag, send a `TrustSet` transaction with the `tfClearNoRipple` flag.

Reviewer: This is a good place to link to the reference documentation—people who want to know more can click through to find more details on how that works.

```suggestion
To enable the No Ripple flag, send a [TrustSet transaction][] with the `tfSetNoRipple` flag. To disable the No Ripple flag, send a TrustSet transaction with the `tfClearNoRipple` flag.
```

## Looking up No Ripple status

In the case of two accounts that mutually trust each other, the No Ripple flag is tracked separately for each account.

> Using the HTTP / WebSocket APIs or your preferred client library, look up trust lines with the `account_lines` method. For each trust line, the `no_ripple` field shows whether the current address has enabled the No Ripple flag on that trust line. The `no_ripple_peer` field shows whether the counterparty has enabled the No Ripple flag.

Reviewer: I strongly disagree with removing the hyperlinks from this paragraph.

Author: Inadvertent, restored.
